feat(nuxt): migrate to latest `@vueuse/head` (#8000)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.getting-started/5.seo-meta.md

---
navigation.icon: uil:file-search-alt
description: Improve your Nuxt apps SEO with powerful head config, composables and components.
---

# SEO and Meta

Improve your Nuxt apps SEO with powerful head config, composables and components.

## App Head

Providing an [app.head](/api/configuration/nuxt-config#head) property in your `nuxt.config.ts` allows you to customize the head for your entire app.

::alert{type=info}
This method does not allow you to provide reactive data, if you need global reactive data you can use `useHead` in `app.vue`.
::

> Shortcuts are available to make configuration easier: `charset` and `viewport`. Otherwise refer to the [Types](#types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortcuts are available to make configuration easier: `charset` and `viewport`. You can also provide any other key listed below in [Types](#types).
```
